STARTING
1. Login to your discord account
2. Create new server
3. Login to discord developers portal
4. Create a new Bot
5. Save its token
6. Go to OAuth. Click bot and necessary permissions
    (clicking Administrator would give the bot access to the server which is not suitable)
7. Copy the url and open it in new tab
8. Create a new repl in replit. Use the python language
9. import discord (repl will automatically install the packages)
    discord.py works on events. it gives callback function
10. We are setting such that the messages received on the bot starts with '$'
11. we save bot token in a secret file and import it using os
12. use that token to run the bot
13. Test the basic bot

IMPROVING THE Bot
1. import requests -> to get/give http request to APi
2. import json -> API is going to return the info in a json file
3. read the documentation and get quote
4. Update such that when user sends $inspire, a random quote along with the author name is 
   send back
5. Now, if user sends a message that has sad word in it, the bot sends a quote back
6. For that, create a list containing the sad words the bot will be checking 
7. Create a list of starter encouragement. From one of these, the bot is gonna respond
   when it is encountered with a sad word. A user can add on to this list later

STORING TO THE REPLIT DATABASE
1. import db from replit
2. create a function named update_enc to update the encouraging msg to the db
3. create a function named del_enc to delete the encouraging msg from the db
4. Add necessary functions in the client.on_message()
5. Added responding feature and listing

ADDING THE BOT CODE TO THE SERVER
1. The bot is ready but when our replit tab is closed, it would stop working
    to keep it running, we have to add the code to a server. We uptime robot for this
2. Reading the replit documentation for https request. then create a new file and add the code 
    (importing flask and thread)
3. import this new file to the main file and call the function return in the new file at main file
4. After the code is run, we get a url. Copy the url for uptime robot


